[DOC]Add err_cmd docs and example (#4289)
pachyderm/pachyderm: doc/docs/how-tos/err_cmd.md

# Skip Failed Datums

!!! note "Summary"
    The `err_cmd` parameter enables you to fail a datum without failing the
    whole job.

!!! note
    Before you read this section, make sure that you understand such
    concepts as [Datum](../../concepts/pipeline-concepts/datum/) and
    [Pipeline](../../concepts/pipeline-concepts/pipeline/).

> 

Author: added to the Datum section

will be processed.

To configure a condition under which you want your failed datums not
to fail the whole job, you can add your custom error code in
`err_cmd` and `err_stdin` fields in your pipeline specification.

For example, your DAG consists of two pipelines:

* The pipeline 1 cleans the data.
* The pipeline 2 trains your model by using the data from the first pipeline.

That means that the second pipeline takes the results of the first pipeline
from its output repository and uses that data to train a model. In some cases,
you might not need all the datums in the first pipeline to be successful
to run the second pipeline.

The following diagram describes how Pachyderm transformation and error
code work:

![err_cmd logic](../assets/images/err_cmd_workflow.svg)

Here is what is happening in the diagram above:

1. Pachyderm executes the transformation code that you defined in
the `cmd` field against your datums.
1. If a datum is processed without errors, Pachyderm marks it as
`processed`.
1. If a datum fails, Pachyderm marks executes your
error code (`err_cmd`) on that datum.
1. If the code in `err_cmd` successfully runs on the *skipped* datum,

> Pachyderm marks the skipped datum as `recovered` and marks the job as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pachyderm marks the skipped datum as `recovered`. That datum is still a failure and will not show up in the output, but it will not prevent successful datums from continuing onto the next step.
```

> successful.

Reviewer: delete

1. If the `err_cmd` code fails on the skipped datum, the datum is marked
as failed, and, consequently, the job is marked as failed.

You can view the processed, skipped, and recovered datums in the `PROGRESS`
field in the output of the `pachctl list job` command:

![Datums in progress](../assets/images/datums_in_progress.svg)

> Only processed datums are used in downstream pipelines if there are any.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only processed datums of successful jobs are written to the output commit and can be processed by downstream pipelines.
```
